 According to multiple media reports, on the evening of July 11th, Ukraine's unmanned system force was in the waters of the Sea of Assyria.
 It hit 28 Russian shadow fleet vessels in one breath.
 21 of them were cruise ships.
 In the entire operation, Ukraine's unmanned operators recorded a total of 73 effective hits.
 On average, each of these 28 ships suffered 2.6 hits.
 According to the military, from July 6th to July 11th, for a total of six days,
 Ukraine's unmanned ships continued to attack Russian shadow fleet vessels.
 On July 6th, two cruise ships were hit.
 On July 7th, eight ships were hit.
 On July 8th, nine ships were hit.
 On July 9th, 14 ships were hit.
 On July 10th, 18 ships were hit.
 On July 11th, 21 ships were hit.
 A total of 72 cruise ships were hit in six days.
 What is this concept?
 According to global data,
 Russia's shadow fleet has about 591 cruise ships operating in oil trade,
 which accounts for 68% of Russia's oil transport.
 And energy analysis company WoTX estimates that by June 2025,
 the total number of cruise ships in the global shadow fleet has reached about 1,000.
 Russia's proportion may exceed 80%, which is about 800.
 To sum up the data, the total number of cruise ships in the Russian shadow fleet should be above 700.
 In this way, Ukraine has basically changed one-tenth of the Russian shadow fleet's transport capacity in the last six days.
 So, Russia can't stand it anymore,
 and directly suspended two key routes.
 Reuters reported that after the attack in Ukraine,
 the Russian Federal Security Bureau's border security department informed all carrier companies
 that from July 10th, local time 18.10,
 the Russian Federal Security Bureau's government has suspended the Russian carrier shipment line.
 It has stopped the transport of the Russian ship to the Sea of Assyria.
 How important are these two routes for Russia?
 The Russian coast of the Sea of Assyria is mainly the border zone of the Russian Sea,
 and the Russian border with Krasnodar.
 The latter is one of the main food areas of Russia.
 It is estimated that Russia's half of the sea transport oil and a quarter of the wheat export
 will have to go to the Sea of Assyria.
 is actually just one of the directions of Ukraine's entire energy killing strategy.
 We've talked about how Ukraine has been systematically fighting the Russian oilfields for half a year.
 Almost one-fourth of Russia's initial oil production capacity has stopped.
 Oil processing has fallen to the lowest point in the last 17 years.
 There have been many cases of fuel production and gas station queues.
 Putin himself also publicly admitted that the continuous drone attack has been
 a real blow to the Russian domestic energy supply system.
 Now, from the gas station to the wind tunnel, from land to the sea,
 it's as if Russia's energy life has been blocked from production to transportation.
 More importantly, it's actually an impact on people's hearts.
 In June this year, the situation in Crimea has shrunk.
 The power plants that have been fighting the Russian military for half a year,
 oil depots and military airports have been directly affected by the lack of power.
 Local officials announced an emergency.
 The Black Sea Fleet, in order to avoid air raids,
 can only withdraw from Sevastopol.
 Some people on the Internet say that Crimea is an empty city,
 and 250,000 people are forced to evacuate.
 This is not accurate.
 The real situation is that the people have given up on self-sufficiency,
 and there is no forced evacuation order from the authorities.
 But even so, the people's hearts are loose,
 and strategic locations are forced to be transferred to full-scale defense.
 This is already an undeniable fact.
 The gas station has been bombed, the price of oil has risen,
 the price of goods has skyrocketed, and the exchange rate of goods has skyrocketed.
 The price of war has fallen on the heads of every Russian ordinary person.
 Social resentment will rise.
 If this difficult situation continues,
 the internal pressure of Russia will naturally force Putin to rebalance the price of war
 and end the war as soon as possible.
 And this is the real purpose of Ukraine.
 Seeing this, many people may have a question.
 Doesn't Russia have any way to do this?
 In fact, Russia does not want to defend.
 But the key is that drones are really difficult to defend.
 Many people have a lot of misunderstandings about the defense capabilities of a country.
 They think that the air defense network is like a protective film in science fiction.
 They pull up a big net along the national border,
 and the flies can't fly in.
 But this kind of imagination does not exist,
 whether it is Russia, China, or the United States.
 No country in the world dares to say that
 their homeland does not have an air defense network.
 This is because the air defense system is too expensive.
 If the country is too expensive,
 it is impossible to shoot anti-aircraft missiles along the national border like heavy trees.
 We can only focus our limited air defense power
 in extremely core places,
 such as the capital, the economic center, the launch pad, and the submarine base, etc.
 This is the so-called land defense.
 What about the other parts of the country?
 Generally speaking, it is using radar to monitor the country in real time.
 If you find that there is a special air situation,
 first, report to the air force to deal with it.
 At the same time, arrange the nearby air force ground forces
 and the army's wild war air defense troops to fight together.
 If it can land, then land.
 If it can't land, then leave it to the people to defend the air.
 If it still doesn't work, then there is no way.
 But the problem is that this system,
 in the face of the current UAV,
 has already failed.
 First of all, the radar has blind spots.
 Even if the fighter is not low,
 it can avoid the radar's scan.
 Not to mention the UAV,
 which uses a large amount of non-metal material
 and flies very slowly,
 even if it is found, it is difficult to intercept.
 Why?
 Because the fire path of the air defense system is limited.
 A set of air defense systems,
 its guidance radar locks at the same time,
 and the number of targets to be intercepted is limited.
 For example, a air defense chain
 may only be able to intercept 8 missiles at the same time,
 and hit 4 to 8 targets.
 This means that
 as long as Ukraine releases 20 to 30 UAVs at a time,
 Russia's fire path will be blocked.
 More importantly, the exchange rate.
 A Ukrainian FPE long-range UAV
 uses a civilian aircraft carrier-level engine,
 plastic shell,
 and the cost is only 20,000 to 30,000 U.S. dollars.
 And Russia, in order to intercept it,
 issued a anti-aircraft missile with a freeze of 1 or 2 million U.S. dollars.
 Intercepting like this every day,
 without waiting for the front line to collapse,
 this exchange rate can't even stand the United States,
 let alone Russia.
 The question is,
 why is Ukraine so cheap?
 Such a good thing.
 For example, a UAV that Ukraine can hit a target of 3,000 kilometers
 called FPE-2 is an upgraded version of FPE.
 Ukraine's Firebird company developed it by itself.
 The maximum speed can be up to 3,200 to 3,400 kilometers.
 A price of about 50,000 U.S. dollars.
 It's only 5 million U.S. dollars to make 100 of them.
 The price of a cruise missile is about the same as that of a fighter jet.
 If you look at a UAV like this,
 there is no high-end military guidance system in it.
 The head of the plane is a star-shaped middle end with a camera.
 In the past, a missile had to hit a building exactly 2,000 kilometers away.
 That was a technical thing that was only possible in Wuchang.
 If you have your own satellite navigation system,
 you have to install a dense gyroscope in the missile.
 It also has to be equipped with ground-based radar and digital images.
 It's expensive and difficult.
 The country can't play it at all.
 But the star chain has completely broken this monopoly.
 After the drone takes off, it's more than 2,000 kilometers ahead.
 Just rely on the simplest satellite navigation plus GPS to correct it.
 Even if you encounter electronic interference and the GPS signal is lost,
 you can still fly in a hurry.
 As long as you don't get hit, it's okay.
 And the real killing move is in the last dozen kilometers.
 As soon as the star chain system is activated,
 the operator in the back can directly control the drone.
 Just fly over the target with a cross-pointed heart.
 It's no different from playing games.
 To exaggerate a little bit,
 the flying hand doesn't even have to stay in Ukraine.
 Just find a place in Europe,
 and connect to the Internet,
 you can launch a life-threatening attack on Russia.
 In the face of this game,
 Russia is certainly not completely sitting and waiting.
 Recently, the Russian army began to deploy a large-scale electronic warfare system
 specifically for the star chain,
 called Pochung Protector.
 This system is installed on a flat tire,
 working on a 14 to 14.5 GHz frequency level,
 which can interfere with 8 satellite channels at the same time.
 The maximum communication blockage range is 16 kilometers.
 It can form a 3 to 4-kilometer protective circle
 around the key facilities.
 The whole set of equipment weighs 120 kilograms.
 As long as one operator is able to remote control,
 the unit price is about 1.5 billion rubles,
 which is about 1.95 million dollars.
 However, this system also has obvious flaws.
 Because the SpaceX system of Musk
 can immediately detect that the communication channel is disturbed,
 the Western radio reconnaissance satellite
 can also detect the strong radiation emitted by this system,
 and thus reverse the position of the interference source.
 At present, the Russian army has discovered
 10 Pochung Protector on the front line,
 which has destroyed two sets.
 Senior researcher Robert Lee,
 from the US State Department of Foreign Affairs, also mentioned that
 if they expand the production of interference,
 it will make the Ukrainian medium-range attack more difficult to implement.
 On the battlefield of life-and-death,
 the battle between Mao and Hedun is ongoing day by day.
 As long as the war does not stop,
 the suppression will be improved,
 and the cycle of competition will continue.
 Looking back at the four years of Russian-Ukrainian war,
 Ukraine has gone through three rounds of tests.
 In 2022, it was a survival test.
 Ukraine resisted the Russian military's flash attack,
 and broke the prediction of the three states.
 In 2025, it was a willful test.
 The US aid shook several times,
 and Europe was in a hurry to restore its position.
 The chain of the Russian-Ukrainian war has never been broken.
 By 2026, the war entered the most critical final cost test.
 Ukraine figured out how to use this tens of thousands of dollars
 of cheap UAVs,
 and pushed Russia into a trap of sky-high air defense.
 Moscow had been betting that the Western camp would split,
 and the aid would collapse.
 Ukraine would be destroyed sooner or later.
 But the reality of 2026 completely overturned this prediction.
 The EU loan has fallen,
 and the focus of special funds is on UAVs and ammunition.
 The NATO summit also locked the ongoing stable arms aid.
 Ukraine is slowly getting rid of the state of simply relying on external sources to write,
 and gradually forming the ability to write by itself
 with Western technology and local mass production.
 At present, in the direction of Donbass,
 the Russian army still has zero-star promotion,
 but the price is very high.
 The Japanese army's promotion can only be calculated with rice.
 But it is necessary to pretend to be fake,
 and the loss of personnel is huge.
 The air defense and energy system in the rear are still bleeding.
 The investment and income have already been severely hung.
 And the military's strike radius is still continuing to extend.
 To attack the shadow fleet,
 and to attack the Russian territory,
 which is the energy node of Siberia,
 the Russian side is forced to withdraw a large number of air defense forces
 to defend their own land.
 The front-line force is further diluted.
 This battle has actually given the whole world a lesson.
 In the past, the big country can fight the small country without any concern.
 The small country basically did not have the ability to counterattack.
 But now, a country without air control,
 without a navy advantage,
 relies on flexible tactics and low-cost means like UAVs,
 to have the ability to fight against the strong country,
 and put the war price back on the side that started the war.
 In the short term,
 large-scale decisive battles or quick-face ceasefire are still unrealistic.
 But the current strategic turning point is already very clear.
 The side that started the war
 can no longer rely on the remaining territory to reduce the cost of war.
 And the side that is passive in defense,
 on the contrary, has realized the cost reversal,
 and made the strong country fall into a muddle that is getting worse and worse.
